Finnhub Stock API - Terms of Service
Terms of Service - Finnhub Stock API
Introduction
By using Finnhub, you are agreeing to be legally bound by the Terms. We may change the Terms from time
to
time
without notice, so be sure to check this page regularly. If you do not agree to any Terms, you should
not
use the
Website.
If you are entering into this agreement on behalf of a legal entity, you represent that you have the
authority to
bind
such entity, in which case the terms “you” or “your” shall refer to such entity.
Overview about the service
Finnhub provides fundamental data, market data, estimates and alternative data for global stock
markets.
Finnhub is not engaged in rendering legal, accounting, investment advising, or other professional
service.
Your use
of
the Website and of any content, information or data accessed on or through the Website is at your own
risk.
We do
not
guarantee or make any warranties about the accuracy or completeness of any content, information or data
accessed on
or
through the Website. Some content, information or data accessed on or through the Website may be
inaccurate,
incomplete
or unfit for a particular purpose.
Intellectual Property
Using the Website does not give you ownership or license of any intellectual property rights in the
website
or in
any
content, information or data accessed on or through the Website, including content, information and data
obtained
from a
third-party website.
All data must be deleted should your subscription to that data ends.
It is your responsibility to comply with any copyright laws that govern the content, information or data
accessed on
or
through the Website. Neither these Terms nor your use of the Website grant you any right to use any
trademark or
service-mark accessed on or through the Website. By making a query on the Website, you agree that we can
store the
query
in log files, and use it to generate the results given back to you. You also agree that we may use your
queries to
evaluate and enhance performance of the Website and to study usage patterns.
Redistribution Rights and Personal Use
You hereby agree to not redistribute or share access to data or derived results from the data obtained
from
Finnhub
with
anyone or any 3rd party without written approval from Finnhub. All plan listed on Finnhub website is
strictly for
personal use unless explicitly stated otherwise. Personal plan can’t be used by any business even
internally
without
a
written approval.
You are also not qualified for any personal use plans if you fall into ONE of the following
categories:
You are securities professional (registered with FINRA, SEC, CFTC or relevant regulatory bodies)
You are using this data for your business or registering under your business name regardless of the
industry
You are going to deduct this expense as a business expense
For more information, please refer to Page 23-24 of
UTP
plan data policies
Your signature if signed up as for personal use will be used in the form
Subscriber
Agreement
to certify that you are Non-Professional individual subscriber. You hereby authorize
us and our data partners to use your name and email information to furnish this form on your behalf. To
request a copy of this signed form, please email
[email&#160;protected]
.
Refund Policy
We do not offer refund for any plans on our website. It’s your duty to cancel the subscription on time.
You
hereby
agree
to not use chargeback against our company in case of a dispute without reaching out to our support
first.
If requesting cancellation via emails, you would need to give us a minimum of 30-day advance notice for the
cancellation to take effect and any new invoices generated during that 30 days will still need to be
paid in full.
API Limit and Access
You will have 1 API limit for Fundamental data and 1 API limit for Market data API. Subscribing to
multiple data plans will not increase your API limit.
There is a 30 API calls/second limit on top of all plan's limit
Your access to API will be revoked immediately should you choose to cancel your subscription.
Privacy
The Website collects some personal information from its users, which we may use to operate the Website,
to
evaluate
and
enhance performance of the Website and to study usage patterns. We will not share any of your personal
information
with
any third party, except we may share personal information with another company in the event that we
merge
with or
are
acquired by that company. We may send you announcements, messages or other information, but you may
choose
to
opt-out of
these communications.
Finnhub will automatically delete inactive users from time to time. If you wish to resume the service,
please create a new account.
Limitation of Liability
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Finnhub and its affiliates harmless from any and all claims,
liabilities,
costs
and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising in any way from your use of the Service or
the
placement
or
transmission of any message, information, Software and/or Service or other materials through the
Software
and/or
Service
by you or users of your account or related to any violation of these Terms and Conditions by you or
users of
your
account.
Failure to Comply with Terms and Conditions and Termination
Subscription to this Software and/or Service may be terminated at any time, and without cause, by either
Finnhub or
the
Owner and/or Subscriber, upon notification by telephone or e-mail. You acknowledge and agree that we may
terminate
your
password or account or deny you access to all or part of the Service without prior notice if you engage
in
any
conduct
or activities that we, in our sole discretion, believe violate any of these Terms and Conditions,
violate
the rights
of
Finnhub or is otherwise inappropriate for continued access.